# Python CSV Order Generator

This tool will generate a csv file with the number of orders given as input. Three input prompts will be given one for each setting:

- Number of Orders
- Locale
- Multi-Orders

## Running the script
You will need to have python installed, navigate to the folder in powershell, cmd, or terminal and run the following commands (assuming python is in your PATH):

### First assuming you have never used the library before, you will need to make sure you have the necessary packages installed:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Once that is done you can run the orders script:

```sh
python orders_csv.py 
```

You will see in your shell 3 prompts appear in order, fill these out and hit enter:
> Please input number of orders: 2000

> Please input locale( domestic|international, canada): domestic

> Use multi-line orderss (y/n): y


The file should generate with the name being numberoforders_locale.csv. 
EG `2000_domestic.csv`

## Settings
### Number of Orders

This will control the number of orders (or lines in case of muilt-order) generated by the script. Number of orders will default to 2000 if left blank or NAN (int).

### Locale

Locale will generate orders with addresses that are either international, domestic, or a canada. Locale will default to domestic if incorrect spelling is provided or it is left blank.

It reads from the YML file `address.yml`. Currently it has more international address types than is supported by SS, meaning some of the addresses generated for international will not be supported address types for SS.

Some of the domestic addresses will not validate down to the apt/suite level, but 99% will completely validate.

### Multi Order
This selection with control if the orders will be one per line or "multi" line orders. Multiorders will default to 'y' if incorrect spelling or is left blank.

Currently the number of multi orders is set to 500 meaning if you have less than 500 orders all will have the same order number.

This can be changed in the orders_csv.py file in the ``` multi_order``` function by changing the value of "set_range" from = 500 to = N. N beingthe number of lines per order.

    def multi_order(current_order_num, number_of_orders, is_multi_order):
        if is_multi_order.lower() == 'y':
           set_range = 500

           if current_order_num % set_range ==0:
              return current_order_num
        else:
            temp_num = math.ceil((current_order_num / set_range))
            return set_range * temp_num
    else:
        return current_order_num

## =======================

# Python CSV Products Generator

## Running the script
You will need to have python installed, navigate to the folder in powershell, cmd, or terminal and run the following commands (assuming python is in your PATH):

```sh
python product_generator.py 
```
## File Output

Currently there is a fixed number of products, since I wanted to keep the same data for the same products for both orders and products. Future implementations may use Faker with seeded data instead so we are not limited to the current 493 products.

## =======================

## Run through files (to be continued)
## =======================
### Helpers
### Address YML
### Product YML
### Orders

